                            Template Manager
                            Tk Miranda template
                      Copyright and Legal Information


This document describes the rights and obligations of anyone using the
Template Manager, also known as `Tm'. It applies to all files of Tm:
source files, executable (binary) files, libraries, documentation, and
templates contained in the official Tm distribution. Together these are
referred to as `the distribution' or `the software package'. In this
document `I' refers to the author of Tm, Kees van Reeuwijk.

THIS FILE MUST ACCOMPANY ALL OFFICIAL OR CUSTOM TEMPLATE MANAGER FILES.
IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED. THIS INFORMATION APPLIES TO ALL USE OF THE
SOFTWARE ANYWHERE. THIS DOCUMENT SUPERSEDES ALL PREVIOUS LICENSES OR
DISTRIBUTION POLICIES.


                        ACKNOWLEDGING YOUR USE OF TM

Although I don't want to make money from Tm, I would like to know who is
using it, and what they think of it. Send me an email, or - better still
- send me a postcard. So, if you like the program, do the following:

1. Get a nice postcard. I like to see the world in picture postcards, so
   pick one that will show me what it looks like where you live.

2. Write on it what you think of the program, or just say 'hi'.

3. Mail it to:
       Kees van Reeuwijk
       Bart Verhallenplein 154
       3122 TH  Schiedam
       The Netherlands

Yes, I could have made this postcard-ware, but I am getting quite alergic
to people spreading around bad software and making claims about other
people's moral obligations.

So, I do it like this. The only moral obligation you have is that you do
not make money of my software, or pretend it is your property. Apart from
that I am happy if you just use the software, although I really
appreciate it if you send me the postcard.


                        USAGE OF THE SOFTWARE

All files in this software package are copyrighted and may only be
distributed and/or modified according to the guidelines listed below. The
intention of the guidelines is to make Tm freely available to as many
people as possible, while preventing that other people gain materially or
immaterially from the distribution of the software.

You are free to use the Template manager and all associated files in this
package to generate files. The creator of the generated files retains all
rights to the generated files and may use them for any purpose commercial
or noncommercial.

You are also granted the right to use any of the example files included
in the 'tmusrdoc' directory of the distribution when generating your own
files. You are not allowed to use the files in the other directories for
purposes other than compiling (parts of) the template manager or support
libraries. You may look at these files for inspiration, but you may not
be the basis of any of your own software.

You are also granted the right to use the support library in the
directory 'libtmc' for any purpose commercial or noncommerical, provided
that the resulting product is significantly different from the support
library itself.

Finally, you are granted the right to use the templates in the directory
'tmc' for generating source files. You retain all rights to the generated
files and may use them for any purpose commercial or noncommercial.

                       DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE

The Tm Kernel consists of a single package containing all the sources. It
is packaged as a compressed tar file, and as a zip file. Apart from that
I intend to provide compiled versions of the software for the
MSDOS/MS-Windows platform, and for the Atari ST.

Next to the Tm Kernel, I intend to provide other templates and support
libraries. These will be provided in separate packages.

It is allowed to distribute the package, provided that the following
conditions are met:

- No portion of this package may be separated from the package and
  distributed separately other than under the conditions specified in the
  guidelines in this document.

- This package may be bundled in other software packages according to the
  conditions specified in the guidelines in this document.

- This package may be included in software compilations using media such
  as, but not limited to, floppy disk, CD-ROM, tape backup, optical
  disks, hard disks, or memory cards. There are specific rules and
  guidelines listed below for the provider to follow in order to legally
  offer Tm with a software compilation.

- You are not allowed to change the archiving method of these packages
  without my explicit permission. You may rename the archives only to
  meet the file name conventions of your system or to avoid file name
  duplications but you should keep file names as similar to the originals
  as possible.

- Distributors must provide at least the source code package of the Tm
  kernel: the other packages are optional. You must include clear and
  obvious information on how to obtain the Tm packages you do not
  provide.

- Noncommercial distribution (such as a user copying the software for a
  personal friend or colleague and not charging money or services for
  that copy) has no other restrictions. This does not include nonprofit
  organizations or computer clubs. These groups should use the
  Shareware/Freeware distribution company rules below.

- I reserve the right to withdraw distribution privileges from any group,
  individual, or organization for any reason.


                      MODIFYING THE SOFTWARE

You are allowed to modify and compile the source for your own personal
use in any fashion you see fit. What you do with the software in your own
home is your business.

If you want to distribute a modified version of the software,
documentation or other parts of the package (here after referred to as a
"custom version") you must follow the guidelines listed below. These
guidelines are intended to clearly distinguish a custom version from
official distributions.

You may not incorporate any portion of the Tm source code in any software
other than a custom version of Tm. However, authors who contribute source
to Tm still retain all rights to their contributed code.

You are encouraged to send me enhancements and bug fixes (including new
templates), but I am in no way required to use them. By sending material
to me, you assert that you have the right to distribute it. You are
authorizing me to use the materials any way I like. You still retains
rights to the donated material, but by donating you grant equal rights to
me. I do not have to use the material, but if I do, you do not acquire
any rights related to Tm. I will give you credit if appropriate.


              CONDITIONS FOR DISTRIBUTION OF CUSTOM VERSIONS

You may distribute custom compiled versions only if you comply with the
following conditions. These conditions also apply to custom documentation
based on my files.

- In source code, templates and generated code it should be obvious that
  they are customized, and who is responsible for the custimization.

- Make all of your modifications to Tm freely and publicly available.

- You must provide all Tm support for all users who use your custom
  version.

- You must clearly document all modifications that you have made to the
  program that you are distributing.

- Include clear and obvious information on how to obtain the official Tm
  packages.

- Include contact and support information for your version in a place
  that is easily accessible.

- Include all copyright and legal information for the official version.

- Include a copy of this document.


                    CONDITIONS FOR COMMERCIAL BUNDLING

Vendors wishing to bundle the Tm software with commercial software
(including shareware) or with publications must first obtain explicit
permission from me. This includes any commercial software or
publications, such as, but not limited to, magazines, journals, books,
newspapers, or newsletters in print or machine readable form.

I will decide if such distribution will be allowed on an individual
basis, and I may impose certain restrictions as I see fit. The minimum
terms are given below. Other conditions may be imposed.

- Buyers of your product must not be led to believe that they must pay
  for Tm. Any mention of Tm on the package, in advertising or in
  instruction manuals must be clearly marked with a disclaimer that Tm is
  free software and can be obtained for free or nominal cost from various
  sources.

- Include clear and obvious information on how to obtain the official
  Tm kernel.

- Include a copy of this document.

- You must provide all Tm support for all users who acquired Tm through
  your product.

- Include contact and support information for your product.


         CONDITIONS FOR SHAREWARE/FREEWARE DISTRIBUTION COMPANIES

Shareware and freeware distribution companies may distribute the packages
under the following conditions:
- This section only applies to distributors of software collections.
  Anyone wishing to bundle the package with a shareware product must use
  the commercial bundling rules above.

- You must notify me that you are distributing Tm and must provide me
  with information on how to contact you should any support issues arise.

- Distribution on any is permitted if the total cost to the user is no
  more than $0.10 per megabyte of data, with a minimum of $5. For
  example, a CD-ROM with 600 meg could cost no more than $60.00, and a
  floppy disk with 1.44 megabyte could cost no more than $5.

  All prices are in U.S. dollars.

- You are not allowed to put parts of the distribution on separate disks
  and charge for separate disks if those parts of the distribution will
  fit on one disk. If more than one disk is needed to store the
  distribution then more than one disk may be used and charged for.


                 CONDITIONS FOR ON-LINE SERVICES AND BBS'S

On-line services and BBS's may distribute Tm under the following conditions:

- All parts of the distribution must be easily available on the service
  and should be grouped together in a similar on-line area.

- It is strongly requested that BBS operators remove prior versions of Tm
  to avoid user confusion and simplify my support efforts.

- The on-line service or BBS may only charge standard usage rates for the
  downloading of this software. A premium may not be charged for this
  package.

                                DISCLAIMER

This software is provided as is without any guarantees or warranty.
Although I have attempted to find and correct any bugs in the package, I
am not responsible for any damage or losses of any kind caused by the use
or misuse of the package. I am under no obligation to provide service,
corrections, or upgrades to this package.


                                CONTACTING ME

If you have any problems with the software, I would like to hear about
them. Also, if you have any comments, questions or enhancements, please
contact me at the address below.

   Kees van Reeuwijk
   Bart Verhallenplein 154
   3122 TH  Schiedam
   The Netherlands
   Internet: reeuwijk@cp.tn.tudelft.nl


Acknowledgements:

The text of this document is based on the legal documentation of the
program Persistence of Vision version 2.2.
